fixed readme.md for imas (#3)
iterorganization/imas-python: README.md

# IMAS-Python

IMAS-Python is a pure-python library to handle arbitrarily nested data structures.

> IMAS-Python is designed for, but not necessarily bound to, interacting with Interface 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed for, but not necessarily bound to, interacting with Interface 
```
